add Getting Started page and improved code snippets (#45)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/sdk/quick-start/GettingStarted.md

---
id: gettingstarted
title: Getting Started
---
Once you have the knowledge and understanding about decenteralized social media. It's time to get started building our own Social Dapp. This guide will show you how you can do it in just a few easy steps.

### Installing SubSocial SDK

> To start building and connecting to Subsocial chain you need to install the typescript based SDK first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start building and connecting to the Subsocial chain, you need to install the typescript-based SDK first.
```

Run:
```
yarn add @subsocial/api
```

> To get more details follow [installing @subsocial/api guide](../overview/installation)

> ### Initializing APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Initializing The APIs
```

> You need to initialize Subsocial SDK with the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to initialize the Subsocial SDK with the following syntax:
```

```typescript

/* import newFlatSubsocialApi and util functions */
import { newFlatSubsocialApi } from '@subsocial/api'
import { bnsToIds, idToBn } from '@subsocial/utils'

/* 

>   Store the url to substrate and ipfs nodes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Store the URLs of the Substrate and IPFS nodes 
```

>   Note: You can either run local substrateNode or use our testnet.

Reviewer 2: Should you paste testnet envs too?

*/
const substrateNodeUrl = 'http://127.0.0.1:9944'
const offchainUrl = 'http://127.0.0.1:3001'
const ipfsNodeUrl = 'http://127.0.0.1:8080'

/* Creating flatSubsocialApi object */

> const flatApi = await newFlatSubsocialApi({

Reviewer 2: Rename `flatApi` to `api`. Because guys can have questions: "Why is it flat?", "What is no flat api?" ))

    substrateNodeUrl,
    offchainUrl, 
    ipfsNodeUrl 
  })

```

> > **NOTE**: You can either run a local [subsocial node](https://github.com/dappforce/subsocial-node) or use our testnet for running the API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: You can either run a local [Subsocial node](https://github.com/dappforce/subsocial-node) or use our testnet for running the API calls.
```

### Fetching data from Subsocial

> Now let's see how you can fetch data from subsocial nodes and use it in your cool Social Dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's see how you can fetch data from Subsocial nodes and use it in your cool Social Dapps.
```

#### Getting spaces & posts by ID

One of the most important part of subsocial is space. It's a home for all posts related to a certain topic. Each space can have multiple posts in them and every space holds their unique id. 

> For example: A space related to subsocial announcements have id as 1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: The space for Subsocial's announcements has the id 1. 
```

Now let's try to fetch some posts and reactions of this space.

```typescript

  // Fetching all postIds of a particular spaceId.
  const postBns = await flatApi.subsocial.substrate.postIdsBySpaceId(idToBn(spaceId))
  const postIds = bnsToIds(postBns).reverse();

```

The above code fetches all the postIds of the space. Now, we can use these Ids to get post data, reactions and much more.

```typescript
  // Fetching first post from the list of postIds.
  // Use substrateApi to run subsocial pallet functions to get data about posts and content on the chain.
  const substrateApi = await flatApi.subsocial.substrate.api

  // Gets all reactions (upvotes/downvotes) by you in all post ids [we are using multi request from blockchain]
  const tuples = postIds.map(postId => [ myAccount, postId ])
  const reactionIds = await substrateApi.query.reactions.postReactionIdByAccount.multi(tuples)
  const reactions = await res.subsocial.substrate.findReactions(reactionIds as ReactionId[])

```

Lets understand the example. First we connected to Subsocial using the newFlatSubsocialApi function that

> needs the substrate node URL, offchain URL and IPFS node URL. After initialization, flatApi can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs the Substrate node URL, offchain URL, and IPFS node URL. After initialization, flatApi can be
```

> used to retrieve data from the node. We fetched a space and post IDs by the space ID. After that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to retrieve data from the node. Then we fetched a space and post IDs by the space ID. After that we
```

> connected to the substrate API for getting reaction IDs. In the next step, we got a space owner by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connected to the Substrate API to get reaction IDs. In the next step, we got the ID of a space's owner by
```
